[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-default]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-default/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-modules]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-modules/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_calendar]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_calendar/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_calendar_events]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_calendar_events/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_calendar_feed]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_calendar_feed/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_layout]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_layout/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_module]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_module/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_user]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_user/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_user_group]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_4-tl_user_group/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-default]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-default/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-modules]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-modules/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_calendar]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_calendar/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_calendar_events]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_calendar_events/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_calendar_feed]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_calendar_feed/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_layout]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_layout/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_module]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_module/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_user]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_user/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_user_group]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_6-tl_user_group/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-default]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-default/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-modules]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-modules/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_calendar]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_calendar/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_calendar_events]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_calendar_events/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_calendar_feed]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_calendar_feed/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_layout]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_layout/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_module]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_module/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_user]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_user/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

[contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_user_group]
file_filter = translations/contao-calendar-bundle.v4_7-tl_user_group/<lang>.xlf
source_lang = en
type = XLIFF

